This profile is for user, Laurence Kim . They are a Male who weighs 205 lbs. if 1 is a Fast metabolism and Narrow frame and a 5 is a slow metabolism and wider frame, they are a 4. Their goals in fitness are Building muscle mass. The types of exercises that they want to include in their plan are Bench press, Strength Training, Weightlifting, Long-Distance Running, . They have 15 in a week to spend towards their fitness plan.  On a scale, 1 is easy and 5 is intense, they want the intensity of their fitness plan to be 4. Their current fitness level on a scale from 1 to 10 with 1 being beginner is 8 Dietary Restrictions:None Health conditions to consider in fitness: 
This profile is for user, Alex Xie . They are a Male who weighs 150 lbs. if 1 is a Fast metabolism and Narrow frame and a 5 is a slow metabolism and wider frame, they are a 3. Their goals in fitness are Endurance, Strength, Health. The types of exercises that they want to include in their plan are Cardio, Strength Training, HIIT (High-intensity interval training), Full Body Workouts, Long-Distance Running, Bench press, Swimming, Sit-ups, Barbell Squats. They have 4 in a week to spend towards their fitness plan.  On a scale, 1 is easy and 5 is intense, they want the intensity of their fitness plan to be 3. Their current fitness level on a scale from 1 to 10 with 1 being beginner is 4 Dietary Restrictions:None Health conditions to consider in fitness: n/a
This profile is for user, Meghshanth Sara . They are a Male who weighs 188 lbs. if 1 is a Fast metabolism and Narrow frame and a 5 is a slow metabolism and wider frame, they are a 4. Their goals in fitness are Building muscle mass, Endurance, Strength, Health. The types of exercises that they want to include in their plan are Cardio, Weightlifting, Strength Training, HIIT (High-intensity interval training), Full Body Workouts, Long-Distance Running, Bench press, Swimming, Barbell Squats. They have 12 in a week to spend towards their fitness plan.  On a scale, 1 is easy and 5 is intense, they want the intensity of their fitness plan to be 5. Their current fitness level on a scale from 1 to 10 with 1 being beginner is 7 Dietary Restrictions:None Health conditions to consider in fitness: None
This profile is for user, Shivam Sugandhi . They are a Male who weighs 152 lbs. if 1 is a Fast metabolism and Narrow frame and a 5 is a slow metabolism and wider frame, they are a 3. Their goals in fitness are Building muscle mass, Endurance, Strength, Health. The types of exercises that they want to include in their plan are Cardio, Weightlifting, Strength Training, HIIT (High-intensity interval training), Full Body Workouts. They have 7 in a week to spend towards their fitness plan.  On a scale, 1 is easy and 5 is intense, they want the intensity of their fitness plan to be 3. Their current fitness level on a scale from 1 to 10 with 1 being beginner is 6 Dietary Restrictions:Vegetarian Health conditions to consider in fitness: None
This profile is for user, luka . They are a Male who weighs 138 lbs. if 1 is a Fast metabolism and Narrow frame and a 5 is a slow metabolism and wider frame, they are a 1. Their goals in fitness are Building muscle mass. The types of exercises that they want to include in their plan are Cardio, Weightlifting, Strength Training, Full Body Workouts. They have 10 in a week to spend towards their fitness plan.  On a scale, 1 is easy and 5 is intense, they want the intensity of their fitness plan to be 4. Their current fitness level on a scale from 1 to 10 with 1 being beginner is 3 Dietary Restrictions:None Health conditions to consider in fitness: None
This profile is for user, Benita Rego . They are a Female who weighs 115 lbs. if 1 is a Fast metabolism and Narrow frame and a 5 is a slow metabolism and wider frame, they are a 4. Their goals in fitness are Health. The types of exercises that they want to include in their plan are Cardio, Sprints, Barbell Squats. They have 6 in a week to spend towards their fitness plan.  On a scale, 1 is easy and 5 is intense, they want the intensity of their fitness plan to be 2. Their current fitness level on a scale from 1 to 10 with 1 being beginner is 1 Dietary Restrictions:None Health conditions to consider in fitness: PCOD/PCOS
This profile is for user, Pragya . They are a Female who weighs 125 lbs. if 1 is a Fast metabolism and Narrow frame and a 5 is a slow metabolism and wider frame, they are a 4. Their goals in fitness are Strength, Health. The types of exercises that they want to include in their plan are Cardio, Weightlifting, Strength Training, HIIT (High-intensity interval training), Full Body Workouts, Long-Distance Running, Bench press, Sit-ups, Barbell Squats. They have 10 in a week to spend towards their fitness plan.  On a scale, 1 is easy and 5 is intense, they want the intensity of their fitness plan to be 5. Their current fitness level on a scale from 1 to 10 with 1 being beginner is 8 Dietary Restrictions:Vegetarian Health conditions to consider in fitness: PCOD/PCOS
